In any case,
I owe you big time.
Don't mention it.
The ANSP exists
to protect sovereignty.
Sure.
Then it's also your job to protect me
to make my dad feel at ease, right?
You are right, sir.
That's the single
most important job for me,
An Gyeong-hui.
Right.
It's him!
He was quite clumsy back then.
Hey, give me the phone.
You bastard. Are you an idiot?
Did you forget about the plan?
I told you it must look like
you guys are making this drag on!
But what do you do?
You go ahead and blow up bombs?
Maybe I should've let them go.
The ANSP team leader was
about to escape with all of the hostages.
God, Lee Gang-mu, that bastard.
-Salute!
You're meddling here again?
-Again? Huh?
-Get the suppression team ready.
All units stand by!
Lee Gang-mu, one of your men, was
about to escape with all of the hostages,
so they had no choice
but to blow up the bombs.
This is Eun Chang-su.
Once the suppression team goes in,
you'll all die in five minutes.
So tell me the truth.
Is Yeong-ro safe? And any casualties?
Calm down. I know this is a scheme.
All of the hostages
including your daughter are all safe.
Listen carefully. Seeing how
you unexpectedly blew up some bombs,
I can't let my daughter stay there.
Release her now.
What?
Are you insane?
Are you going to show
rescuing your daughter only
when all of the press cameras are here?
You were against it earlier!
Our agreement doesn't say
my daughter must be held hostage!
What about you?
You said we'd just rescue my daughter
if things got dangerous.
Why are you so worked up?
But we need some kind of insurance.
In case the word gets out.
If they find out your daughter is
also being held hostage,
who'll suspect it might be a scheme?
You son of a--
I, the ANSP director,
guarantee your safe return.
So release my daughter right now.
To return safely,
we need your daughter here.
Release her right this instant!
Be patient. I will in eight days.
You're lying
about my daughter's safety, aren't you?
I can prove that your daughter is safe.
All right. In exactly five minutes,
bring her to the cafeteria.
She'll stand by the windows in the lounge.
The press is watching us. They'll
see me only checking my daughter's safety.
Bring her to the cafeteria!
Or I'll send in the suppression team!
Get the snipers ready. Tell them to
kill him as soon as he brings my daughter!
Sniper team, this is Captain.
What are you doing?
Are you going to break in?
They even blew up bombs. We should act.
If we hesitate,
people will find it suspicious.
They might find out it's a scheme!
That's just what you think.
I already told our boss
this will drag on until the election.
Order them!
Kill Taedong River 1
as soon as he brings the hostage.
Without my permission?
You'll show Yeong-ro to them
without my permission?
Because of the explosion,
Eun's taking an offensive approach.
We should calm him down--
The bombs exploded
because Gang-mu tried to escape!
And even my cover--
Eun should be begging us for forgiveness,
so why do what he demands?
Comrade Kang.
We may be in the South
and occupying this place,
but we're in a third zone where
we must respect both countries' agreement.
In here, the ANSP director
isn't the leader of our enemies.
He's a friend who will send us back safely
by fooling the people in the South.
We can't trust him completely, of course.
So